Update README.md (#285)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: README.md

while the security hardening is still in progress.*

eBPF programs installed into the kernel-mode execution context can attach to various hooks (currently

> two hooks so far: XDP like hook that is based on WFP L2 layer and a socket bind hook) and call various helper APIs exposed by the eBPF shim,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
two hooks so far: an XDP-like hook that is based on the Windows Filtering Platform (WFP) [layer 2 filtering](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/network/using-layer-2-filtering), and a socket bind hook) and call various helper APIs exposed by the eBPF shim,
```
